docs - Minor copy style fixes on acm_certificate (#10837)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/acm_certificate.html.markdown

[`aws_acm_certificate_validation`](acm_certificate_validation.html) to request a DNS validated certificate,
deploy the required validation records and wait for validation to complete.

> Domain validation through e-mail is also supported but should be avoided as it requires a manual step outside

Reviewer: I think the AP manual recently took out the hyphen, so we can even go ahead and do: 👍 

```suggestion
Domain validation through email is also supported but should be avoided as it requires a manual step outside
```

Author: Oh, that's a great resource! Thanks for the suggestion Ryn
